1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?

   I have chosen Python and its module Pandas in completing the coding exercise.

   To me, Python is syntax friendly to program. As it allows me to work on high-level programming,
   I have no need to consider low-level properties such as pointers and addresses.

   One of the benefit that python has brought is its community source. Pandas is a great module to work
   with data in data fetching and visualization. It is also built from the Numpy module, which was originally written in C. 
   In this case, it is fast to compile as C is a fast compile language


2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?

   The advantages of my solution is the complexity. The overall complexity of my solution is O(nlogn). 
   However, the program is not running as fast as other compiler languages. As python is an interpreter language,
   it needs the python interpreter program to run it. Also, the feature of automatic garbage collection requires more
   memory than manually memory free.


3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?

   My favorite personal project is my ChatPGT project. Using node.js, express.js and https module, I am
   able to post customer’s information to Mailchimp's Servers via their API. I am still working on this project
   and plan to add features of requesting Weather information through OpenWeather API. In the future, I want to
   train the model based on several weather features through Pytorch so the PGT can predict the weather for the customer.

   I consider it as my favorite project because I have understood the structure of an application. My server needs to talk 
   to multiple servers through API and networks, which made me understand the needs of cooperation between applications. Also, I have
   learned it is important to consider the format of information that I am collecting, which helps me to make decision of using different
   types of database.

    My current challenge is that there are still several technologies that I need to learn. I plan to optimize my front-end using React.js and 
    build my database through moogo.db. I am still on track of learning from Udemy, which provides a lot of fantastic tutorials to me.




